Don't touch him
Why did this little girl go out of business just now?
old lady
You are a lucky person
Will live a hundred years
Thank you, girl.
This is torn tobacco leaves
Bunch of trash
If grandma loses a hair
I can't spare you
Where did you steal this jade bracelet from?
What to steal or not?
Why are you talking so ugly?
Don't say it, right?
I have various ways to make you say
Reiki
Why can I absorb this man?
Reiki Master Shen
The old lady found it
Master Shen, is he Shen Qiujing?
I'll call right away
Mr. Shen and the old lady are all right
I gave him an injection.
Say what's the purpose of approaching him
What?
This man is completely late in Reiki
Master Shen, do you believe in learning?
It's the kind of fortune-telling
Are you trying to tell me
Do I have any disasters that I need to marry you to resolve?
Damn finish my lines
In that case